Welcome to the Field Lab VR Tutorial.
This tutorial goes through the basics of using a VR headset as well as the experience controls.

GUARDIAN TUTORIAL
This is the VR Headset Guardian, this is the safe space you're able to walk on in the Real World.
Make sure that there are no hazard in this area where you can potentially bump into or trip over.
Stepping out of this area in the Real World will trigger Passthrough which will stop the experience.

TELEPORTING TUTORIAL
To move around in the Virtual Reality,
Hold the Thumbstick on your Right Controller forward, point to where you want to go and let go to teleport.

LOOKING TUTORIAL
To look around in the Virtual Reality without having to in the Real World,
Hold the Thumbstick on your Left Controller to the left or right to rotate.

MENU INTERACTION TUTORIAL
You can also interact with menu buttons in the Virtual Reality like clicking on a mouse on a computer,
Simply point to the buttons with the controller and Pull the Trigger Button on your Left or Right Controller to interact with menu buttons.

GRABBING TUTORIAL
You'll find Rocks throughout the Virtual Reality, to grab them with your Virtual Hands,
Simply reach out to them like you would in the Real World and Hold the Grip Button to grab it.
To let go of the object, simply release the Grip Button.

ROCK TEST TUTORIAL
Now that you have a Rock Object in your Virtual Hand,
Press the "A" Button to open a menu on your Virtual Left Hand of the different interactions you can do.
To close this menu, simply Press the "A" Button again.

JOURNAL TUTORIAL
Rock Objects that you've held in your Virtual Hands will be added to the "Journal Menu",
Press the "Y" Button to open the Journal menu,
Point and Interact with the Rock you've added to view more details.
Interact with the Export Data Button to export a ".txt" file which you can open and view the Data in Excel.

MAP TUTORIAL
Press the "X" Button to open up your Map Menu,
the Red Icon shows your current position in the Map.
Interact with the Coloured Pin to place a Pin Marker in your Map.
Interact with the Export Map Button to export a ".png" image which you can open and view the Map and the Pin Markers you've placed.

PAUSE TUTORIAL









